BTetris1.0 (beta1)

I know .. just what we need.. more dumb games :)
Ok so there is already a Tetris fo Be. Actualy thereis two of them. But one of them is like 100% CPU hog. And the other has nag screen. So I decided (and wanted) to make this one.  It's taken a while for me to finish, but I think you will find it nice.  

Theme Notes:
	I never knew that Tetris was that complex!  Well it took me a while to get rotate working and all.  The GUI I droped on top of it has some nice features.  It has several themes that come with it. You can probably figure out how they work.  Just add a new directory and BTetris will pick it up.  In the new dir you must have at least 2 image files (or BTetris will just draw colored squares).  For normal mode you nead to make a "EmptyBlock" file (no extention - I like pngs though)  For the blocks you can name them anything you want.  BTetris will use the rest of the files in the directory as blocks.  If you wish to make a full image background - just name the file "FullBackGround" (again no extention)

	If you make your own theme .. Mail it to me.  I love new stuff.

BUGs:
	Block too big for 800x600
	Poor response time.  Engine I gess is not fast enough
	Bad theme dir. bad app behavor!
	If the the dir Theme/BW does not exist. No themes will work!
	If you RotateCCW it will sometime not go all the way around. (Too lazy to fix now)
	Speed never incresses in Beta.
	Score never incresses in Beta.
	Block preview does not work in Beta.
	Sound Is not enabled in Beta

Ver 1.0 beta 1.5 Engine 1.8:
	Rotate is finished (sorta) not perfect like I like it but I think its time to package it up
	and roll it out. Will add all the goofy stuff in later.  I mean come on. do you realy nead
	to see what the next block coming is.  
Ver 1.0 beta 1.5 Engine 1.7:
	Semi-error checking .. still problems with rotate against the edge.
	After Pause first key press does not move block, Just unpauses.
Ver 1.0 beta 1.5 Engine 1.6:
	There is NO error checking on Rotate (Don't rotate of edge bad things happen)
	Rotate LTwo .. wow you can actually play now wwweeeeee
	Rotate LOne ... I can taste it ...
	Hehe just added Rotate Tee. Getting real close ...
	Just added int Rotate for Square,Line,Zig and Zag.
Ver 1.0 beta 1.5 Engine 1.5:
	BTetris will survive in any directory not (hardcoded paths suck)
	Added int the Speed indicator, Next Block and Score GUI stuff.
	Correct saves location when useing Option-Q to quit
	Added more code here and there.
Ver 1.0 beta 1.4 Engine 1.5:
	Finally got the Theme selector fixed and working Yay!
	Fixed lotsa little stuff.  Optimized some stuff too.
	Was almost scared by the 1.8MB executable - untill I recompiled without debugger
Ver 1.0 beta 1.3 Engine 1.5:
	Dosen't crash on exit now. (dont delete things that are being used)
	Also removed background theme music. (working on too much at once)
Ver 1.0 beta 1.2 Engine 1.5:
	Themes are almost finished..
	Background Images works now (sorta)
	When you switch windows the game pauses.
	Pause on menu bar now works. "any key" unpauses.
	New Game works
	Added in background sound. 
	All of the engine is finished exept Rotate
	Created LCD look for blocks
	Added in "minimal" support for geting ride of complet rows
Ver 1.0 beta 1.1 Engine 1.4:
	Worked out most bugs in TetrisEngine. 
	Converted TetrisEngine over to "New Way".
Ver 1.0 beta 1.1 Engine 1.3:
	Major overhall of the Source. totaly redid the layout of everything.
	Ripped out the canvas and made it it's own BView.
	Now we have some Bugs rrrrr
Ver 1.0 beta 1 Engine 1.2:
	Got the basic Game code finished. Blocks fall now!
	Thanks to Heikki Suhonen (the ArtPaint guy) I got rid of the Flicker
	Reworked some logic. Game aproch.
	Documentation is geting better /* Sorta */
Ver 1.0 beta 1 Engine 1.1:
	Added in the structurs and arrays to handle dynamic bitmaps read for dir
	optomized the error checking. Me'sa thinks it works.
Ver 1.0 beta 1 Engine 1:
	Got the display up and running. 
	I worked out the bugs in the interface
	Made it look nice and stuff.

Things to add:
	Fast drop. Not instant but just speed it up.
	Pause while menu active.
	Add in hight scours. 
	Should be able to click on speed bar and change it.
	Overhall engine to only go from Center - 4 to Center + 4
		Should increes speed Dramaticly. less crapy for loops
	- Add Game Code - The rest of it
	Finish GUI
	Add in user def key layout
	Speed up
	Thinking about makeing the TetrisEngine send out Messages.
	Threads!
	Make mo-better themes
	Add in support for Transparent Images. Or not!

YNOP
ynop@acm.org  
TheAbstractCompany